Document pull secrets operator enabled by default (#718)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/helm-configuration.mdx

The configuration for the controller manager of the Registry Credentials Operator.

> This controller manager is deployed as a deployment and is responsible to managing private registry credentials in the cluster. If `pullSecrets.enabled=true` all private registry credentials are copied to the `okteto-regcred` secret in user dev namespaces and previews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This controller manager is deployed as a deployment and is responsible for managing private registry credentials in the cluster. If `pullSecrets.enabled=true` all private registry credentials are copied to the `okteto-regcred` secret in user dev namespaces and previews.
```

> This controller manager is deployed as a deployment and is responsible to managing private registry credentials in the cluster. If `pullSecrets.enabled=true` all private registry credentials are copied to the `okteto-regcred` secret in user dev namespaces and previews.
> If `pullSecrets.enabled=false` these credentials are copied to all nodes through the Okteto Daemon if `daemonset.configurePrivateRegistriesInNodes.enabled=true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This controller manager is deployed as a deployment and is responsible to managing private registry credentials in the cluster. By default all private registry credentials are copied to the `okteto-regcred` secret in user dev namespaces and previews.
This bahavior can be disabled setting `pullSecrets.enabled=false` in which case credentials are instead copied to all nodes through the Okteto Daemon unless `daemonset.configurePrivateRegistriesInNodes.enabled=false`.
```
